Did a basic thought experiment on how a restaurant would work in a Distributist economy (emphasis on cooperation between individual workers owning the means to produce whatever it is they want to produce):

Idea: what does a restaurant run on Distributist principles look like? Since every worker must be the owner of their means of production, I don't see how it can look like a typical restaurant that we have now.

1. First thought is that it would look like a food court surrounded by food trucks: each truck run by an owner-operator, the land and food court area (tables and trash cans and whatnot) is owned and operated by someone else, perhaps a cut of the food trucks profits for "renting" the space from the food court owner-operator (incentivization procedure: court must be clean and working well to attract customers, customers mean profits for food trucks, food trucks mean it's worth coming to the food court).
	1. There is even room for waiting tables in this model: waiters must supply their own uniforms (to stand out as waiters) and menus, will take orders, relay them to the appropriate food truck, deliver orders when ready, handle the payment from the customer, and pay to food truck for the food out of that.
2. On further thought, a more traditional restaurant could also work: each worker has to supply what they need: so someone is supplying the building, a cook supplies their work station, a prep chef their work station, waiters their necessary equipment.
	1. Payroll and purchasing is difficult in this model: perhaps you need someone dedicated to keeping records and ordering, perhaps the building owner does that. But then how does each person get paid for their work? 
		1. This could be simplified through digital means: each item the restaurant sells can be prearranged to breakdown into the percentages that go to each person who helped produce it: a cut for the building owner, a cut for whoever ordered the ingredients, a cut for the prep chef, a cut for the cook, a cut for the waiter, a cut for the cleaners (benefit here is everyone only gets paid when they sell things, incentivized to excel, not just to work)

I am sure there are other ways it could work. Honestly, pay for each part of the process is where things seem to get dicey. To me it makes sense that each transaction made by the restaurant as a whole get broken down, but I'm sure in a Distributist model things could also be run more traditionally (maybe the building owner would pay each of the other workers by the hour or something).
